Can't think of where to take your lover out to eat? Ask them where they think you are taking them and go to their first guess.,
Paint your keys with different color nail polish to easily tell them apart.,
Have you ever watched a TV show and wanted something a character has worn? There is a website for that called WornOnTV.net,
You can reopen a tab by using Ctrl+Shift+T,
Add '?.jpg' at the end of any URL to bypass expensive airport internet and access the WiFi for free. ,
When you are ordering a coffee you should ask for a medium in a large cup. They'll most likely accidentally overfill it and you'll get a cheap large coffee.,
Put clear skateboard grip tape over your license plate. People will be able to read it easily but any traffic cameras that flash will get a bright blur.,
Eating an orange before you work out will keep your muscles from getting sore. ,
If you don't want someone to text you anymore you should send them this message. 'SMS: SERVICE ERROR 305: MESSAGE DELIVERY FAILED. FURTHER MESSAGES WILL BE CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT.',
You can use empty Pringle cans to hold uncooked noodles.,
To watch Netflix in the shower you can put your phone in an airtight baggie and lean it against the shower wall. ,
Ice cubes in a dryer for 5 minutes can unwrinkle clothes.,
Putting deodorant on an insect bite will instantly stop the itch.,
If you are driving for a long time and getting tired you should listen to comedians. It is impossible to fall asleep while laughing.,
If you are in a job interview and asked if you have any questions you can ask if there is anything on your application that is concerning. ,
Put a small amount of water in a glass when you microwave your pizza to keep the crust from getting chewy.,
If you really like a single song from an artist but not the rest you can look for the producer. The producer usually has a big part in how the final song sounds., 
Have a pounding migraine? Try eating spinach instead of popping a pill. Magnesium is used in the ER to treat migraine attacks and spinach contains loads of magnesium.,
Put a red cap on your blue pen to prevent people from stealing it. People are less likely to steal a red pen.,
